Purge mixer from system startup (#2071)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/concept/system_startup.md

#### Common boot failure causes

- For custom applications: The system was out of RAM. Run the `free` command to see the amount of free RAM.
- A software fault or assertion resulting in a stack trace

### Replacing the System Startup

In most cases customizing the default boot is the better approach, which is documented below.
If the complete boot should be replaced, create a file `/fs/microsd/etc/rc.txt`, which is located in the `etc` folder on the microSD card. If this file is present nothing in the system will be auto-started.

### Customizing the System Startup

The best way to customize the system startup is to introduce a [new airframe configuration](../dev_airframes/adding_a_new_frame.md).
If only tweaks are wanted (like starting one more application) special hooks in the startup can be used.

:::warning
The system boot files are UNIX FILES which require UNIX LINE ENDINGS.
If editing on Windows use a suitable editor.
:::

There are two main hooks.
Note that the root folder of the microsd card is identified by the path `/fs/microsd`.

- /fs/microsd/etc/config.txt
- /fs/microsd/etc/extras.txt

#### Customizing the Configuration (config.txt)

> The `config.txt` file can be used to modify shell variables (parameters).

Reviewer: Maybe shift this to modifying parameters? There are a few things left that could be set with shell variables, but for the most part it's all moving to parameters.

Author: @dagar Absolutely. I was reading this as "using the shell to modify parameters".

```suggestion
The `config.txt` file can be used to modify parameters.
```

It is loaded after the main system has been configured and *before* it is booted.

> For example, you could create a file on the SD card, `etc/config.txt` with this content:

Author: ```suggestion
For example, you could create a file on the SD card, `etc/config.txt` with that sets parameter values as shown:
```

```

> set PWM_AUX_OUT 1234

Reviewer: All of this is done with parameters now.

> set PWM_AUX_OUT 1234
> set PWM_AUX_DISARMED 1500
> set PWM_AUX_MIN 1000
> set PWM_AUX_MAX 2000
> set PWM_AUX_RATE 50

Author: Show params instead
```suggestion
param set-default PWM_MAIN_DIS3 1000
param set-default PWM_MAIN_MIN3 1120
```

#### Common boot failure causes

- For custom applications: The system was out of RAM. Run the `free` command to see the amount of free RAM.
- A software fault or assertion resulting in a stack trace

### Replacing the System Startup

In most cases customizing the default boot is the better approach, which is documented below.

> If the complete boot should be replaced, create a file `/fs/microsd/etc/rc.txt`, which is located in the `etc` folder on the microSD card.

Author: Should we say `/etc/rc.txt` on the SD card. The `/fs/microsd/` is just how PX4 sees it - and irrelevant to the user at this point.

Reviewer 2: Yes

> If this file is present nothing in the system will be auto-started.

Author: How then do you start stuff? Is the idea that you put all your config in this file?

Author: Thanks. All fixed in https://github.com/PX4/PX4-user_guide/pull/2071/files#r988606065

> In most cases customizing the default boot is the better approach, which is documented below.
> If the complete boot should be replaced, create a file `/fs/microsd/etc/rc.txt`, which is located in the `etc` folder on the microSD card.
> If this file is present nothing in the system will be auto-started.

Author: Improve the wording around replacing the whole boot.

```suggestion
The whole boot can be replaced by creating a file `/etc/rc.txt` on the microSD card with a new configuration (nothing in the old configuration will be auto-started, and if the file is empty, nothing at all will be started).

Customizing the default boot is almost always a better approach.
This is documented below.
```
